[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you.
First of all, thank you
everyone for coming.
I've heard some stories
of some crazy travel
times and everything
just to get here,
rerouted trains and rerouted
airplanes and everything else,
and you still came.
So give yourselves
a round of applause.
[APPLAUSE]
So tonight, we're going to talk
about evidence of the Atlantis
and the Anunnaki and
the civilizations
in our solar system.
And one thing I
want to clear first.
Anunnaki and
Atlanteans are really,
in my opinion, the
same exact people,
and that's Billy
Carson's opinion.
I'm not saying that's
a stated fact anywhere.
And so sometimes, if
something is my opinion,
I'll let you know.
If something's been recorded
in ancient tablets, or texts,
or science information that's
been registered in real science
journals, I'll tell
you that as well.
But my personal opinion is the
Anunnaki are the Atlanteans,
and so what I'm
going to try to do
tonight is establish for you
some circumstantial evidence
that will prove that this
culture was not only here
but they were also not only
interplanetary civilization
but they were also an
intergalactic civilization.
Now, a lot of people
always want to ask, well,
where was Atlantis?
Was it this ring city
in the Atlantic Ocean?
Was it in Greece?
Was it in the Mediterranean?
Where was it?
And my answer is
Atlantis is everywhere.
We are all standing
and sitting on Atlantis
at this exact moment.
Atlantis was this entire planet.
The ring city, in
my opinion, was
just one of many
capitals on Earth,
and that's what we're
going to go over tonight.
So I'm going to talk a little
bit about the Enuma Elish,
The Seven Tablets Of
Creation, to start off.
And what you need to understand
is that the Enuma Elish
is an ancient cuneiform group
of tablets that really talk
about the creation
of our solar system,
the very, very beginnings
of the whole thing,
how we even got here.
And this was copied
over and over again on
to, actually, stone
tablets that go
back, in my opinion, hundreds
of thousands of years,
OK, hundreds of thousands,
not 8,000, not 6,000,
hundreds of thousands.
These are recopies
after the recopies.
Somebody sits
there with a stylus
and rewedges in
all these cuneiform
texts into new stones,
over and over again,
to make sure that the
next generations to come
have a copy of this story.
Now, a lot of people have heard
about the Sumerian tablets,
and they've also heard about
Zecharia Sitchin I think
Zecharia Sitchin was one
of the greatest researchers
probably ever, and the reason
why is because he did something
a lot of people didn't do.
He went and put his
effort into trying
to put the pieces of
the puzzle together.
What the thing that got
misconstrued with him is people
thought he was the
only person that
can decipher these tablets.
That's false.
As a matter of fact,
Zecharia Sitchin
didn't decipher or
interpret any tablets.
What he did was he took
existing translations
that already existed and put
together his own stories.
Unfortunately, later on in
his life, he was vilified,
and it was said that he
was the only person that
can read them when nobody knew
what these things actually
said.
But if you look at his books,
he gives you his source almost
at every paragraph.
So the reason why I bring
this up in the beginning
is so that people
who are sitting here
with this precognition of
Zecharia Sitchin, maybe
this whole thing is just a
made up hoopla of some stone
tablets, I'm here to tell
you this stuff was translated
before he was even born.
Before he was born.
EA Speiser, King, all these
people translated this long
before he was even on Earth.
So these translations are
ancient, in my opinion,
because we're talking
about 1700 and 1800s,
the tablets were
already translated.
So just wipe that
misrepresentation
out of your brain as
I go through this.
These are the actual tablets.
These are the Enuma Elish,
the Seven Tablets of Creation.
What you'll find is that the
Bible is mostly this text right
here.
Dividing the water from
the Genesis is mostly here.
Dividing separating the waters
from the waters, the creation
of man in our
image, all of that,
really, in the creation of
the Earth, the solar system,
it's all in these
tablets right here.
It's a real amazing story.
Even the then preceding
enslavement of mankind
is also in these texts
as well, and the reason
for the enslavement
is there as well.
Now, if you're wondering
how can you be sure
that these texts are
accurate because Billy
is up here talking--
we don't even
know if he knows
what these texts say.
Anybody can go to the CDLI,
online Cuneiform Digital
Library.
It's hosted by UCLA, and you
can actually translate the stone
tablets for yourself.
You can take a tablet
off the virtual shelf,
and drop it into an
online translator,
and read it for
yourself, and come up
with your own conclusion.
What you'll find
just, like I did,
is that after
many, many decades,
really, of reading,
and studying,
and researching these tablets,
all the different people
that have researched them
have a very similar story,
not the exact story but
the fundamental basis.
The foundation of the
story is always the same.
People from somewhere
else came to this planet,
began to work on this
planet and create
a breakaway civilization.
And then, at some point, they
engaged the existing hominid
on this planet, genetically
tinkered with us,
and turned this into a
worker slave for them
for a period of time.
Now we're just like an
abandoned seed colony here,
and we're just hanging out.
And we're trying to find our
way, but there's hope for us.
There's hope yet.
So the Enuma Elish
of this is, really--
it's really what's originally
Akkadian, Akkadian cuneiform
text.
And these tablets,
they were at the--
the Library of Ashurbanipal
is where they were discovered.
The Atrahasis is also
another amazing text.
This is also another account
written at another time also
telling the similar
story of beings coming
from another place, and
coming here to Earth,
and engaging mankind.
Now what's
interesting about this
and what really is important
about this is to understand,
in this time frame
when these tablets were
been copied and created,
people didn't have time
to become George Lucas.
They weren't inspired
by George Lucas
to create these incredible
sci-fi movies on tablets.
These people were
describing specifically
what they were told to write
by their God, or their Lord,
or their master, or
they were writing
what they were experiencing
themselves at that time.
Now, I don't know if you've ever
seen how to write cuneiform.
It's very, very tedious.
You don't really have time to
sit there, and take out a stone
tablet, and start wedging
in all this text just
to make up an
incredible sci-fi story.
In my opinion, what
they wrote was probably
as close to the truth as
we're possibly going to get.
And we know that Uranus,
which is a planet that's
in our solar
system, was affected
by a gravitational
object that came
through the solar system, which
is why it's tilted on its side.
I don't know if you knew
that, but Uranus doesn't have
an equatorial orbit this way.
It's actually tilted and
almost flipping end over end,
on its side.
And the reason why
this is important
because, in the Enuma
Elish and the Atrahasis,
it talks about an actual
planet or something
large coming through our
solar system in ancient times,
talking about millions of
years ago, and affecting
the gravitational
fields and also
the orbits of all the planets
and moons in our solar system.
And so now we know this
is true because science,
they teach you this in
astrophysics classes
in college.
Something huge was
gravitationally captured
by our solar system
and came through just
like these stone tablets say.
So when the stone tablets
start backing up information
that modern science is
just now finding out,
I have to think that they're
probably as close to the truth
as we're possibly going to get.
We know that something
giant came through here,
and actually over
several passes,
which took thousands
of years, it
started yanking and yanking
and yanking until Uranus
flipped on its side.
Now, a lot of people know
this as the Milky Way galaxy,
and you can see where
the sun is actually
showing you exactly
where you are
right here in one of these--
in the suburbs of the Milky
Way, a nice, quiet area, just
far away from the
galactic equator for us
to have a nice,
quiet area of space,
where there's not a lot
of catastrophe going on
consistently.
Stars are moving at
a very decent speed
around the Galactic equator
whereas, if you were closer in,
your star would move
much faster, which
would age you much faster.
But what's interesting
is how did we get here.
Scientists know that
we're not from here,
and I'm going to read the
science article to you,
just a couple of sentences.
It says, imagine the
shock of growing up
in a loving family with people
who call you mom and dad
and then suddenly learning
that you were actually adopted.
This happens in real life.
How can this be?
Using volumes of data from
the Two-Micron All Sky Survey
in 2MASS infrared
mode, a major project
to survey the sky
in infrared light
let the University
of Massachusetts
and the astronomers are now
answering this huge question
that have baffled
scientists for decades,
proving that our own Milky
Way galaxy is consuming one
of its neighbors in
a dramatic display
of ongoing Galactic cannibalism.
The study published in the
"Astrophysical Journal"
is the first step to map the
full extent of the Sagittarius
galaxy and show it
visually in vivid detail
and how its debris wraps around
and passes through our Milky
Way.
Sagittarius is 10,000
times smaller in mass,
and so it's getting stretched
out, torn apart, and gobbled up
by the bigger Milky Way.
So if you ever go at
night watching, the night
sky in a nice area with
no light pollution,
and you look up at
the sky, and you
see that giant band of stars
whipping across, and you go,
man, that's the Milky
Way, guess what?
You've been wrong
the whole time.
It's not the Milky Way.
Now, this is all
the-- science books
have already been rewritten.
They've already been rewritten.
It's the Sagittarius
dwarf galaxy.
Why is this important?
Because right where
the Sagittarius dwarf--
not the Sagittarius
constellation, the Sagittarius
Dwarf Galaxy, right where it
actually merges and meets,
there's a little tiny dot.
I don't know if you can see it,
a little tiny yellow dot, where
it meets and is being
swallowed up by the Milky Way.
That's where we are.
Also now know by doing a reverse
calculation of the trajectory
of this Sagittarius
merger that we,
this solar system that we're in,
didn't come from the Milky Way.
We are actually aliens here.
We don't even belong
in this galaxy.
So do aliens exist?
They're all sitting right here.
[LAUGHTER]
We're the aliens.
So the Sagittarius
Dwarf is another galaxy
that's being consumed
gravitationally in merging in
with the Milky Way.
And exactly at the point where
it meets is where we are.
Now, what's
interesting about that,
in the astrophysical
books, you discover
that, in the early creation
of this solar system,
there were all kind of
rogue planets and rogue
suns flowing through here,
wreaking havoc and creating
disasters and everything else.
Guess what the Enuma Elish says?
The same exact thing.
Again, ancient tablets,
thousands of years
old, modern science tells
you the same exact story.
It's the same exact story.
So we had a planet
named Tiamat back then.
Tiamat was this massive
planet, four to six times
larger than the Earth, a
water-bearing planet with land
and, in my opinion,
most likely life.
One of the biggest
theories that I
have when you talk about
these miners that go
into these deep shafts, and
depending on how many layers
down, you can tell how
many millions of years
back you're going in time--
three million years,
four million years.
500 million years,
they found a vase.
200 million years,
they found a hammer.
They're finding all
these tools and vases
and all these
incredible anomalies
at hundreds of millions
of years and back in time,
depending on the depth of
the anomaly in the shaft.
How can that be if human
beings have only really
been Homo sapiens and creating
tools for maybe 200,000 years?
If you want to stretch it
to maybe almost a million,
OK, you can do that.
But where did these
anomalies come from?
In my opinion-- so Tiamat,
in the ancient text,
it was actually colliding
with another moonlit
of another planet that was
orbiting a brown dwarf star.
When it collided with
Tiamat, it blew up,
blew into giant pieces.
That is what your
asteroid belt comes from.
The asteroid belt, you have
Mercury, Venus, Earth, and then
you have Mars.
And then, you have
another planet,
which nobody talks
about, called Ceres--
C-E-R-E-S. That's
another planet.
It has more fresh water on
it than Earth, by the way.
Then after Ceres, you have
the asteroid belt, OK?
The asteroid belt is
a exploded planet.
It was Tiamat in ancient times.
The ancient said this.
Now, this is interesting
because Earth
didn't exist yet at the
time that Tiamat was here.
They said that Tiamat
was so beautiful
that the glow from the
sun reflecting on it
rivaled the sun's glory.
How could they know that?
How could they know that,
if the Earth wasn't here?
What perspective do they
see this planet from?
What planet did they
look at it from?
We don't know.
But what's interesting is
that was a statement that
was made in the text.
And so, Tiamat exploded.
A giant chunk of it swung
away with all the water.
This is where the water is
divided from the waters.
It really coalesced back
into what we now have
called Qi, which is the Earth.
We are a part of another planet.
That's why when you dig
into this planet, millions
of layers--
in the past layers down,
you discover anomalies
that shouldn't be there.
Because, in my opinion,
this is Billy-- now,
this is another Billy
Carson hypothesis.
Those anomalies were when we
were part of another planet.
Those are artifacts from
Tiamat that we're uncovering.
You never heard anybody
talk about this before.
That's my whole theory.
So I'm working on a show
about this right now.
So you see you have the way
that our solar system is set up,
and you have the asteroid
belt right there between Mars
and Jupiter.
Right after Mars is a little
tiny planet called Ceres.
Like I said,
hardly-- it's hardly
on any star maps or anything.
But that, right there, that
what you're looking at,
what they call the
hammered bracelet
in the Bible and other
texts, the ancients
have known about it for eons.
That is actually remnants of
Tiamat, an exploded planet.
And this right here is actually
a NASA image from nasa.gov.
It shows the path of
a brown dwarf star.
You can see it in
the lower corner,
passing through
our solar system.
Now, this brown dwarf star,
they have now actually found it,
label it a planet to
not call it a star.
They call it Planet 9.
It actually orbits in a very
strange elliptical orbit.
It orbits our sun now
every 4,200 years,
as the orbit has
changed over time.
What's interesting, it has six
little planets orbiting it.
Six little planets orbiting it.
It's another solar system
in our solar system.
So we don't live in a
solar system with one sun.
We live in a binary
solar system.
And so, as scientists at
NASA and other space agencies
started to research the
skies, and they launched
the wise telescope, they started
to find out and realize, wow,
wait a minute.
Trinary and binary stars are
more common than solar systems
with single stars.
And where are all these
weird anomalies coming from?
They notice that Neptune
and Saturn switched places.
Because something came through
gravitationally huge and made
it switch orbits.
We know this because
we can actually
rewind the orbiting clock
with a computer simulation
and find out all
the original orbits.
So they know that happened.
We know that something
passed by so abrupt,
it caused mercury to slow
down its spin on its axis.
One Mercury day
is 60 Earth days.
That's how slow it
spins on its axis.
And we're going to talk
about mercury today
if I can get to that slide.
It's an important slide
to get to, all right?
This is where the
astronomer came forward
on this actual clip here.
This is a screenshot of it.
And he said, astronomers
discovered dwarf planet
at 7.5 billion
miles from the sun.
Now, what they don't say
on that little line there,
in the actual clip,
the astronomer
says that it's orbiting its
own star, a brown dwarf star.
What is a brown dwarf star?
A brown dwarf is a failed star.
It's a very small star,
but it has the same mass
as our yellow sun.
So as gravitationally,
it's just as heavy,
and it creates something called
gravitational waves as the two
suns tug on each other.
Back about 12 years ago,
I started digging deep
into astronomy, and
I got really heavily
into it I started buying
really nice telescopes, right?
And I started
scanning the skies,
and I started studying
the procession
of the equinoxes for myself.
And as I started studying the
procession of the equinox,
the movement of the stars of
constellations across the sky,
I noticed something interesting.
Based on the calculations,
the procession
should have been
in about 27 years.
But based on my one or
two-month calculation,
if I projected it
into the future,
it was about 25,000 years.
I did this over and over again.
I said, wait a minute.
What can cause
procession to slow down?
How is this possible?
How can a procession
actually slow down?
And so, I started looking
to all kinds of theories
from ancient texts
and everything else,
and I couldn't find anything.
And then, one day, I
was looking at something
about orbital mechanics.
And I found that when stars
are orbiting each other,
they speed up, and
they slow down.
They speed up, and
they slow down,
so they can create
breakaway speed.
And I was like, wow.
So then, I looked into
gravitational assist
with technology, how we used to
launch satellites and send them
to deep space like
the Voyager missions,
and we would do the same thing.
We would create this
breakaway speed,
and we would take off and
create these angles in space.
So we can get our
probes deep into space.
And so I said, what
if our sun is orbiting
something that's creating this?
And that's how I dug and
found that we actually
have a brown dwarf
orbiting us, but it's not
like it's mainstream news.
But if you go into the science
books, it's actually there.
They hide everything
in plain sight.
So what's interesting
during this time
and a few million years ago?
The Anunnaki had this race
of beings called the Igigi.
They're mentioned in the
Enuma Elish and the Atrahasis.
And also, what's interesting
is the word, the name Anunnaki
and Nibiru in the older
version of the Enuma Elish,
those words those names
are actually in the text.
So for some people that were
saying all of this-- nobody
can ever find these
names, in a newer version
of the Enuma Elish, Marduk,
also known as Amun-Ra,
he wants to be the one
that destroyed Tiamat,
so he changed the name
Nibiru to his name Marduk.
His name is in the Bible.
His name is in the Jewish Torah.
He's a very popular
guy, but also
a very evil and brutal guy, OK?
But these Igigi were
doing a lot of the work
when they created this
breakaway civilization.
They came here.
They founded this planet
was a great planet
to start a civilization,
to build and live on.
They actually worked
this planet themselves.
They actually didn't
even use human beings
or our hominid
cousins at that time.
They weren't Homo sapiens yet.
But these Igigi people.
These were like the working
level class Anunnaki,
and they were doing the
trenching, and the digging,
and the making the canals,
and all this stuff, mining
and everything.
They started getting
tired of this.
They were working on Earth,
and they were working on Mars.
Mars, as we know, has
a damaged atmosphere.
After Tiamat had exploded,
part of that debris
hit Mars, which is why one
side of Mars is charred,
and one side of smooth.
And then, actually, Tiamat--
I mean, Mars shifted on its
axis and had a pole shift,
which created a whole global
flood there and everything
else.
It started healing.
The planet itself started
healing, but what's interesting
is these people were up
there, mining and working,
but they said the
conditions were harsh.
They complained to
Enki, Enlil, and Anu,
who are the Kings of
Earth, pretty much.
And their calls for
help were ignored.
Like hey, we need
some-- we need a break.
We need a vacation.
One of the biggest complaints,
they didn't have any women.
And that's a tough
complaint, man.
I feel for them.
Listen, man, you know, I'm out
here, sweating, and it's dry.
I got no water, and
there's no women.
So they came to
Earth and said, look,
we got we got to get some women,
and we got to get some rest.
So they came to Earth,
and they actually
encircled the camp of--
this is in the Enuma Elish.
They encircled the camp
of Enki, Enlil, and Anu,
and they found that their guards
let them know that, hey, we've
been encircled.
We've been, basically,
boxed in here.
And there was a call to
go for war against them.
And they started
negotiating to try
to not have this war, because
they were more Igigi than them.
And Enki makes a decision.
He says, you know what?
I have an idea.
There's an existing
being on this planet.
We can add our essence to it--
that's a genetic modification--
and we can get them to do the
work, have them do the load,
work the load, do the labor,
do the heavy labor for us,
do the toil.
And so, that decision
was made and agreed upon,
and it happened.
And then, those Igigi,
they took some women.
They did that.
They took some women and
took them back with them.
So that's where the
sons of God made it
with the daughters of men.
And now, we have the situation.
We've been fully engaged
on this planet, OK?
But at some point,
there was a catastrophe.
And this is where
Thoth comes into play.
Thoth is an Atlantean
priest king.
The Egyptians know
him as Hermes--
or the Greeks know
him as Hermes.
The Egyptian know him as Thoth.
Djehuty to the Africans.
He's basically one of
the most, at the time,
the most intelligent
people on the planet.
He taught languages
to everybody.
And what happened is
there was a great flood
before he went on this mission.
And after this great
flood, his father Enki,
who was also known as
Thoth, and told him,
go back to the land of
the hairy barbarians
and rebuild civilization.
In other words, he didn't
say that civilization
needed to be started there.
They had already raised
everybody up to a high level.
They had already
created, basically,
almost heaven on Earth by
those labor between the Igigi
and the humans.
And then, they had
this big catastrophe.
And the mission that
Enki sent him on
was to bring back
civilization to the planet
after this global flood.
Whatever this catastrophe was,
it's not really truly clear
exactly what it was,
but it did happen.
So he gets into his ship.
It says, he gets into the
great ship of the master.
It didn't say he sailed out.
Instead, he rolls into the sky
until the planet disappeared,
until he got to the place
that he was basically
his destination for his mission.
And then, he said he saw
the great temple coming out
of the mud beneath him.
That means the
thing is in the sky.
And he descended on
the land of Khem.
When he descended down to the
ground, he opened his doors.
All this what I'm telling you
is in my book, "Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets."
And this exact quote
that I'm giving you
comes from the "Emerald
Tablets of Thoth,"
which is an ancient text that
dates back over 36,000 years.
He drops his door down.
Him and his crew
come out of the ship.
All he cares the
hairy barbarians
came to attack him with
cudgels and spears.
And he said, he
raised his staff,
and he sent out a
ray of vibration,
striking him still as fragments
of stone in the mountain.
He froze them in place with a
beam weapon, 36,000 years ago.
High tech weaponry, 36--
that didn't injure them,
didn't kill them, but
stop them from attacking.
We have something
similar right now.
It's called the active denial
system in the military.
If you look at military
active denial system,
we have a device that
sends out a beam.
And so if somebody is coming
to attack an area, rioters
or whatever, they can
send a beam at you
that will make you stop, make
you think you're on fire,
make you vomit, make you
sick, make you scream,
make you have
voices in your head.
It's called the
Active Denial System.
And we have the same
exact technology now,
we just rediscover
what they already had.
And what's interesting
is he said,
then he built the Great Pyramid.
He claimed to have built--
not with his own hands.
But he was the master
architect for this structure
on planet Earth.
And then, told us, once they
rebuilt the land of Khem, which
is Egypt before it was called
Egypt, then he told his crew,
he said to them, now,
go around the planet
and duplicate what we did here.
This is why, when you
look at this planet,
no matter where you
go, you're going
to find similar structures.
The similar
construction techniques,
the same type of tool markings.
You're going to find the
same types of pyramids,
all the similarities.
Because why?
You had one master architect.
And this was the mission
that Thoth was on.
He was the master
architect-- post-alluvial,
he was the master architect
that rebuilt life and rebuilt
civilizations on this planet.
And who was Thoth?
He was a Atlantean Priest-King.
What's interesting about
him, that I love about him,
is that the fact
that he didn't claim
to have been an actual god.
Where some of his relatives,
they actually said,
you know what, yeah, I'm god.
Yeah, bow to me.
Bring me these
sacrifice-- you know
what the sacrifice was before?
Because they had to eat, man.
They're not going to
go kill no animals.
Bring me the sacrifices.
So people would kill the
animals and bring it to them.
That's how they ate.
And so with Thoth, when
they would drop to his feet,
he would say, rise,
I'm a son of Atlantis.
That's what he would say.
He said, I'm a son of Atlantis.
Sometimes he would call
himself the Son of Man
just like you sure did in
the Bible, the Son of Man.
Not the Son of God,
but the Son of Man.
Interesting.
Hermes was known to the Greeks
as the "Master of all arts
and sciences, perfect
in all crafts,
Ruler of the Three Worlds,
Scribe of the Gods,
and Keeper of the Book of Life."
What's the Book of Life,
what's the Akashic Records?
It's real.
We now know in quantum
physics and quantum mechanics
that there is an
actual Book of Life.
It's called the Akashic Records.
So every thought that
you think right now
is actually leaving your brain.
We know this for a fact, because
we can capture your thoughts
and send them to a computer.
We can even see the
images in your head now,
we can create images.
We can tell you to
think of an image,
and we can actually capture
what that image would
be from your thoughts and
put it on a computer screen
just like that old
movie, "Minority Report."
Yeah, it's real
science now, right?
Look it up.
Interesting.
So the Book of Life is
real because every thought
you've thought since
you were actually born
exist in space time,
just like the radio
waves from the "I
Love Lucy" show
from 1950, 1960,
going out into space.
If you can tune into that, you
can watch the movie no matter
how far away you are in space.
Same exact thing
with your thoughts.
Sometimes you think you
get an original thought,
you're just downloading
and entangling
with somebody
else's information.
He was the "First
intelligencer,"
was regarded by the ancient
Egyptians as the embodiment
of the Universal Mind.
And it's impossible to
extricate historical records
from the man and the mass
legendary accounts which
attempt to identify him with
the Cosmic Principle of Thought.
But he was a real
person in my opinion.
I believe that he
really did walk
and he really did
do what he'd done.
He's been known all
around the planet.
In Africa, Djehuty, Thoth, and
the Mesoamerica, Quetzalcoatl,
Lord Pakal,
Kukulkan, Viracocha--
all these different names.
Primarily, a lot
of these names are
talking about the same person
over different periods of time.
So here I am standing
in the King's Chamber
of the Great Pyramid.
And so now we're going
to talk a little bit more
about circumstantial evidence
and how it adds up to a case.
So here, you see me
standing next to the stone
box that's inside of the King's
Chamber of the Great Pyramid.
Now this stone box, in my
opinion, is not a sarcophagus.
Because I'm 6'4" and I can't
fit in this box without bending
my knees.
So if I can't fit in this
box, why make a box this tiny?
Could the-- is it that the
pharaoh was that small?
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
But it doesn't make sense when
all the other sarcophagus are
massive and this one
is smaller than me.
Interesting.
And what's great about this
is you can actually see,
a corner of this has
been snapped off.
And if you look across
the room, if you actually
get a chance to go with
Egypt with me, which
I'm going this October
with 70 people,
if you're in that trip, maybe
the next one in the next year,
you'll see where this
thing impacted the wall
across the room.
A huge energy spike happens
right at the point of this box.
Now, what's interesting
about this box,
it's the same exact dimensions
as the Ark of the Covenant,
pretty interesting.
My hypothesis, not
any fact, if you
look into the biblical tale
of the Ark of the Covenant
and you understand what kind
of power it actually housed--
and there have been
attempts to reproduce
the Ark, which were
successful in modern science,
at a University.
One doctor created--
scientists created
it and it put up so much power,
they had to shut it down.
So it actually,
scientifically, was sound.
Underneath the
Great Pyramid used
to be aquifers of
water, running water,
underneath the crystal granite.
Now, when you run water under
magnetized crystal granite,
you create something called
physiostatic electricity, which
then rises up into
the pyramid structure.
Some of that water
pass was purposely
flowed, in my opinion,
into the Queen's Chamber
to create a hydrogen extractor,
or electrolysis for hydrogen,
to separate hydrogen
from the H2O.
That's a communication
device which
I'll talk about in a minute.
The rest of it
then would flow up
into the Grand Gallery
which would create-- which
had these resonating chambers
which these resonating rods are
now missing.
You can see the slots going
up into the King's Chamber.
They're gone now.
And then, that energy
would then be stepped up
inside the King's Chamber and
then pushed up through the apex
and then sent out as
wireless power around Egypt.
An obelisk would then
collect that energy,
that ambient energy,
and channel it.
And if you had a djed
with a cable on it,
you can connect it
to a light bulb,
you can connect it to your
electroplating machines,
or wherever you needed
electricity for,
and you had wireless power.
Now, what's also interesting
is you can see here
the speed of light in a
vacuum, 299,792,458 meters
per second, which is
pretty interesting seeing
that the [STUTTERS] geographic
coordinates, I'm sorry,
are 29.979248 North.
So how can the speed of
light, in meters per second,
equal the actual
geographic location
of the Grand Gallery leading
into the King's Chamber?
Well, that's because we had
meters in ancient times.
Meters were not discovered
more recently as we thought.
They were only
rediscovered, or the person
that rediscovered them went
and found some of this--
protocuneiform.
This is a protocuneiform
metric system dating back prior
to Mesopotamia.
And this was found
actually in Mesoamerica.
So what in the world is
protocuneiform metric system
being discovered in
the Americas when
we know that Sumeria
is supposed to be
the cradle of civilization,
all the way in Mesopotamia,
coming out of Iraq?
Pretty interesting.
So the metric system is
ancient, it's super ancient.
So the people who try to
debunk the fact that it's just
a coincidence that
the speed of light
is the same geographic
location as the Grand Gallery,
you can debunk the
debunkers with the fact
that we already had
in the metric system.
And it's actually
well known, it's
just that nobody has found it.
But I found it years ago,
and I talk about it a lot.
So what is the power here?
Let's talk about more
circumstantial evidence
that these beings came here
with advanced knowledge.
I looked into the mathematics
in the Great Pyramid,
and I found a lot of
incredible correlations.
You can calculate
a lot of things
based on the structure itself.
So what Thoth, that he took
this pyramid and he said,
I want it for the future.
I want this to be a time
capsule of knowledge.
And what I want to do is I want
to take all this information,
the information
about all this stuff,
and I want to compile it
into the actual building
structure itself.
So that in a future
time, which is now,
mankind can decipher it and
realize how incredibly we were,
and that this came from
advanced knowledge.
The mean distance to the
sun is half the length
of the diagonal of the base
times 10 to the sixth power,
it would give you the
average distance to the sun.
You can calculate the
distance to the sun
from the Great Pyramid.
The mean distance to the sun.
You can also do it this way.
The height of the pyramid
times 10 to the ninth power
represents the mean
radius of the Earth
and the orbit around the
sun, or Astronomical Unit.
You can measure the AU.
The AU is the distance
from the Earth to the sun.
And you can multiply
that out, and depending
on how many AUs you
have, it will tell you
how far you are away from
the sun in the solar system.
You can also calculate the
mean distance to the moon.
The length of the Jubilee
passage times 7 times 10
to the seventh power is the
main distance to the moon.
That's incredible.
The sun's radius
can be calculated.
Twice the perimeter
of the bottom
of the granite coffer times
10 to the eighth power
is the sun's mean radius.
I mean, how can they know this?
How can they know that
this 427,316 miles
is the radius of the sun
from standing on Earth,
looking up at the sky?
The Earth's polar radius.
The Sacred Cubit times
10 to the seventh power
equals the polar
radius of the Earth.
That's the Earth's
orbit, polar radius
is going-- it's pole the
pole this way, not this way.
But they can
calculate it this way.
It's all built into
the Great Pyramid.
The Earth's polar radius.
The pyramid embodies a
scale ratio of 1/43,200.
So the pyramid itself is a
scale of the Earth's size.
You scale the pyramid, you
scale Earth down by 43,200--
432 Hertz, that's the
resonant frequency that's
best to listen to music,
you scale it down,
what do you get to that
radius, that ratio?
You get the size of the Earth.
So as you take the
Great Pyramid of Giza
and you take it and
scale it up 43,200 times,
you get the size of the
planet Earth itself.
And guess what, guys.
It's a sphere.
All right, just in
case you didn't know.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I know this is a lot
of math, but what
I'm trying to prove to you here
is circumstantial evidence.
These beings had
advanced knowledge.
Now, this is why I wrote
the "Black Knight Satellite"
documentary.
Because in order to
get these calculations,
you need a satellite in orbit.
You can't do this without
a satellite in orbit.
And this satellite has been in
orbit for a long time, because,
why?
This satellite was the
All-Seeing Eye of Enlil.
Enlil knew what was going on
in the planet at all times.
He knew population centers, he
knew the size of populations,
he knew the size of crops on the
planet, on a planetary scale.
And when people would act up
or the people got too loud
in one area, or they
started acting too wild,
he would just say,
call the humans.
And he would send somebody
to spray something
on their fields to
kill all their crops,
sounds like Chemtrails
in ancient times.
We had the Chemtrails
already, sorry.
They came through
and wiped them out.
They would just kill people
off to control the populations.
But this All-Seeing Eye,
how did he have this?
This is the Eye of Sauron
in the "Lord of the Rings."
Well, the Eye actually exists.
There's actually a
Sumerian cylinder scroll
that depict two beings
talking to each other,
using this technology,
with wings in the sky.
In my opinion, that
is the Black Knight.
Also, we discovered
that the constellation,
the Bootes constellation,
is actually Enlil's.
He owns the Bootes
Constellation.
The Mesopotamian gods
attribute the ownership
of the Bootes
Constellation, where
Epsilon is located, to Enlil.
What's interesting about that?
Well, when you look at
the Bootes Constellation,
there's actually a giant void
in there, of empty space.
So much empty space,
it's an enormous void,
there's not even
dust in this space.
Michio Kaku was quoted
as saying that by--
after observing this
constellation, him
and other theoretical
physicists,
it appears to be a cloaked
advanced civilization.
A cloak advance-- now,
why is that important?
Well, it's important
because of this.
The Black Knight
satellite signal
that's been decoded
by individual people
multiple times over the years,
over the course over 100 years,
all come up with
the same conclusion.
It's giving us the location
of the Bootes Constellation.
So we have an Anunnaki god
on Earth, engaging mankind,
building civilizations
here, which are now gone,
but there's a satellite
still orbiting this planet
in a polar orbit, which you
would need a polar orbit
to make these calculations.
The other thing you
have to understand
is what the polar orbit can do.
So the Earth itself is massive.
And so if you're in
an equatorial orbit,
you can't capture
the entire planet.
But when you go
into a polar orbit,
you can make this calculation.
The pyramid, the Great
Pyramid, is the average height
of the landmass on
Earth, the average height
of the peaks of the landmass
on Earth, the average height.
Now, you can't do
this just by sitting
in one place in the
middle of a desert
and figure out how high this is.
So what do you need?
A satellite that can actually
scan the planet this way as it
spins on its axis.
And as it spins, you're
scanning for topographical data.
You're calculating, you're
counting every single peak
and hill and mountaintop on the
entire planet, which we can do
today, we've already done it.
And then, you'll have to
divide that by the height,
you get the average height,
by the number of mountains
and hills to get
the average height.
And then, what you'll get?
OK, we're going to build the
Great Pyramid to this height.
This is the average height
of all the land mass.
Then you have-- then
the Great Pyramid
is built at the center
of land mass on Earth.
Not the center of the Earth,
but the center of land mass.
Not the center of Earth,
the center of land--
to do that, another polar
orbiting satellite is needed.
You need to be able to
see everything on Earth,
calculate all the mass of land
and where to put that pyramid,
boom right there,
that's where it goes.
Another reason now,
Giorgio Tsoukalos
had brought up the other
day the Piri Reis map
and how it was put together,
and how it shows Antarctica
when there was no ice.
What's also interesting
about the Piri Reis map--
if you look at
the Piri Reis map,
in order to create that map
the exact way it's laid out
and the angle that it's
drawn on the paper,
on the parchment
and everything, you
have to have a satellite
pointing down over Cairo.
Because that's the perspective
in order to create the map.
So the Piri Reis
map, whoever drew it,
their perspective
for laying it out
was directly over
Cairo, from the sky.
Again, potentially, the
Black Knight satellite.
So I mean, it was
a lot of things
that were correlating and
linking to this thing,
and that's why I did
a documentary on that.
That's why you have to
watch this documentary.
So the Great Pyramid has
a lot of calculations.
The precise definition
of the royal cubit
as it relates to the Earth, the
size and shape of the Earth,
the mass and
density of the Earth
is all calculated in there,
the gravitational constant,
the escape velocity from
Earth to obtain an orbit.
What is the main reason
for the 33rd degree masons?
The main reason is not to--
everybody thinks that there
is some kind of crazy thing.
It's actually space travel.
33rd degree masons is
about space travel.
That's the ultimate goal,
because masonry goes all
the way back to the
[NON-ENGLISH] coming out
of the land of Khem.
The brick masons, they have the
secret knowledge that was then
lost in the mystery schools.
It's all about
re-obtaining a capability
of traveling in space.
Why do I say that?
Because you have to travel
33 times the speed of sound
to escape Earth's gravity
to get into space.
If you travel 32, 31, 30,
you're not going to escape.
There's no escape velocity.
You have to travel 33
times the speed of sound
to escape into space.
That's why the runway in
Florida at the Space Coast
is runway number 33.
You can calculate the
significance of the location
of the Great Pyramid
with the Golden ratio,
the mass of the sun,
the mass of the moon,
the mean distance to the sun
and the circle of the Earth
can be--
you can calculate
the size of the Earth
from the Great Pyramid stones.
The mean distance to the
moon, the orbital velocity
of the Earth, the orbital
velocity of the moon,
the metonic 19-year cycle of
the moon's orbit of the Earth,
the Lagrange point, L1,
between the Earth and the moon,
the speed of light, and
the orbital velocity
of the solar system relative
to the center of the Milky Way
Galaxy.
All that can be calculated
from one structure.
Now you tell me what
a coincidence is that.
[LAUGHTER]
In America, if you have enough
circumstantial evidence,
you can put somebody in prison.
So what I'm saying is
we have a case here.
There's a case that
whoever did this, whoever
laid out this
architectural masterpiece,
was most likely not what
they call the hairy barbarian
or the hominid that
came out of the-- now,
these people were intelligent,
don't get me wrong.
I think that our ancestors that
were here before us, before we
got genetically tinkered
with, I think they
were wiser than us, probably
spiritually wiser, probably
had larger pineal glands,
maybe even larger skulls,
maybe more in tune with each
other, telepathic and all that,
in tune with nature.
I think we lost a lot
of that capability
after the genetic tinkering.
This is a very important video.
It's going to take
about 8 minutes.
Please watch it.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> South of the time temple
is an alignment code--
>> --the Giza Plateau.
>> Written is the
wisdom of Thoth.
The Giza Plateau was his
architectural masterpiece
on Earth.
Thoth built the Great Pyramid
and designed the layout
of smaller pyramids
and temples of Giza
to perfectly match
today's nicest image
of our solar system.
The map is a perfect
match right down
to the astronomical
units, which tell you
the distance each planet is
from the sun and one another.
The orbits are precise,
and the planets' sizes
are perfect scale
relative to the pyramid,
or temple, in the diagram.
Watch the full video from
4biddenknowledge and witness
the wisdom of Thot the
Atlantean and his handiwork.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Step 1.
Line up with the eastern
edge of the first pyramid.
Step 2.
Line up the corners of the
first and second pyramid.
Step 3.
Line up with the northern
edge of the third pyramid.
Step 4.
Line up parallel to the Step 3.
Step 5.
Line up parallel to the Step 1.
Step 6.
Line up the corners of the
second and third pyramid.
Step 7.
Line up with the northern
edge of the second pyramid.
Step 8.
Line up the corners
of the second pyramid
and the rectangle.
Step 9.
Line up the corners of the
second and third pyramid.
Step 10.
Line up the corners
of the rectangle.
Step 11.
Line up with the eastern
edge of the third pyramid.
Step 12.
Line up with the southern
edge of the first pyramid.
Step 13.
Line up with the northern
edge of the first pyramid.
Step 14.
Cross the diagonal of the
rectangle at the vertical.
Mark the time
positions and orbits.
Mercury, Venus,
Earth, Mars, the Sun.
>> It's the map of our inner
solar system, Giza Plateau.
>> Compare this to NASA's
version of inner orbits
to scale.
Flip horizontal view
from the other side.
Now rotate 107.7 degrees.
Mark the major axis
of Mars' orbit.
of Mercury's orbit.
Merge visible.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Right down to the
astronomical unit and accuracy
based on scale, it matches
NASA's actual image
of the inner planetary
orbits of the sun perfectly.
[END PLAYBACK]
That's Thoth's time temple
[APPLAUSE]
Now, that's one heck
of a coincidence.
That's all I got to say.
Obviously, it's very clear that
this was by design, by design.
First, I want to give
thanks to my United
Family of Anomaly Hunters.
Thomas Mikey Jensen is
in the house tonight,
please give him
round of applause.
[APPLAUSE]
He was my partner in the United
Family of Anomaly Hunters.
We formed this to find
evidence of anomalies
in our solar system and possible
life in our solar system.
This is a pyramid
that's on the moon.
I'm going to be very
quick with these, guys.
Because obviously,
we got to get out.
Some of these come
from the Mars rovers.
The Perseverance rover.
And this is my image of Mars
taken from my own telescope
at home.
This is my own telescope and
my image of Mars in the summer.
As you can see, Mars
is not a red, dry rock.
You can see colors.
You can see that there's
actually fluid there.
That's actually
most likely water.
Now NASA's admitted that
there's billions of tons
of liquid water on Mars.
And so it's not even
a mistake anymore.
They also admitted
to atmosphere,
they also admitted to oxygen and
magnetic fields and everything
else.
This is a very huge 4-mile
wide anomaly on Mars.
And don't forget, Cairo
literally means "City of Mars."
That's what Cairo means.
And so they knew exactly
what they were doing there
when they named it Cairo.
And this is the IRSO
satellite image of Mars.
So the Indian Space
Agency sent back
an image when they
raised $3 million
to send a satellite to Mars.
The first image that
came back was this image.
That's Mars before they
had to put their called,
quote, unquote,
"False color" on it.
They sent back the real
color, the true color image.
And as you can see, it
has light scattering
in the atmosphere
with a blue sky.
That's one of our great guys
here, Neville Thomas Tompkins.
He actually-- he's one of
the greatest guys for putting
together all these actual
stitched images that we
use to find these anomalies.
And this is also Martine Grainey
who's done a phenomenal job.
A lot of her anomalies are here.
And we've been on a
lot of news shows.
And so a couple things I
want to go through real quick
and show you a few.
Here's an anomaly that clearly
doesn't look like a rock to me.
And so Martine found,
she's in our group.
This obviously has
geometry to it.
It looks like a
dilapidated structure.
I'm not saying
that that's what it
is, I'm saying it looks like.
Because I'm not there,
and we're not there.
But what we can say is, to us,
it doesn't look like a rock.
Here's another amazing anomaly.
Some may say it's
pareidolia, some
may say it looks like a
carving on the surface.
Here's another carving on the
surface that mysteriously looks
like another carving of a face.
Here's an object that's there.
I don't know how blurry
it is, but this object
is standing upright and it's
got something in front of it.
We don't know
exactly what it is,
but it's very interesting,
that's all I could tell you.
So we cataloged it.
This is on Mars.
This is also on Mars.
Pretty interesting, right?
A strange anomaly.
What is it?
We don't know.
But all you can do is
correlate something
that you might
have seen on Earth.
Another strange anomaly.
Maybe this is why they
called Mars the god of war.
It looks like it might be
something that could be used
in that, but we don't know.
It looks like a cylinder.
It looks like some type
of a tool, potentially.
Now, what's crazy
about Mars, you
see all kinds of faces, African
face, that's an African face.
You see Native
American Indigenous
faces on Mars carved into
the side of hillsides.
You see Caucasian faces on Mars.
We're talking about a planet
that had all races on it
at one time in the distant
past, maybe even now.
We see remnants
of something here,
which looked like it
might be an old statue,
or it could be a deceased
person, we don't know.
We don't know.
A piece of broken--
what looks like broken
concrete with geometry in it.
I'm hypothesizing
it it's concrete,
I'm not saying it's concrete,
I'm just hypothesizing.
More of these strange faces
that appear all over the place.
Djed, here's a djed from
the-- djed from Egypt,
from the land of Khem.
They're laying out in the open.
You know these djeds, right?
You've seen them in
your neighborhood.
They're your
electrical system here.
The same thing
from the Egyptians.
It captures electrical
energy and you
use it to light light
bulbs and everything else.
It's rediscovered technology.
Here's about a 4-foot
storey Egyptian statue
carved into the side
of Victoria crater.
And these are your cousins.
[LAUGHTER]
We don't know who these
are or what they are
or where they came from,
but it's pretty interesting
that they do look like somebody.
I don't know.
Interesting.
But they're there.
Pretty interesting.
Here's a statue that made
it onto "Ancient Aliens."
This statue actually made
it onto "Ancient Aliens"
about four or five years ago,
not sure which episode it was.
We discovered that.
And here's something, and
this would be last one.
You ever heard of
the god of war Mars?
Well, here's what looks like
to be a battle tank with a gun
turret on the back.
You can see the
shadow on the back.
What's that doing there?
That's the last image
sent by the Spirit rover
before it accidentally blew up,
or they say, it went offline.
But that was the last image
that was sent by Spirit rover,
all right?
OK, that's my time
tonight, guys.
I don't want to abuse it.
Thank you so much.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I appreciate you, guys.
Thank you.